Update environments.md - Round #1 (#8)
SymfonyCasts/symfony7: sfcasts/environments.md

Sometimes, we could really use a set of configurations that help us develop in different scenarios. Luckily, Symfony has just the thing - *environments*.

In the `.env` file (located at the root of our project directory), we have some *environment variables*. These are sets of configurations for our app that we can change depending on which scenario - or *environment* - we're developing in. Symfony reads this file to see which variables we're using and creates that environment.

> At the moment, we only have a few environment variables, like this `APP_ENV` variable set to `dev`. This tells Symfony that our application should be loaded in *development* mode. After we deploy our app to *production*, we'll want to change this to `prod`, which is optimized for performance and keeps our precious data *safe*. *But*, that's not the only thing it changes.

Reviewer: Hm, I would like to keep this "sensitive data leaking" wording in this spot, I think that's a widely common concept:

```suggestion
At the moment, we only have a few environment variables here, like this `APP_ENV` variable set to `dev`. This tells Symfony that our application should be loaded in *development* mode. After we deploy our app to *production*, we'll want to change this to `prod`, which is optimized for performance and avoids sensitive data leaking. Where exactly is it used?
```

> Open `/public/index.php`. This is our front controller, which is executed on every request and boots up our application. It creates an instance of `App\Kernel`, and this has some methods on it. Hold "command" and click on `Kernel()` to open that up. This class is pretty empty, aside from this `MicroKernelTrait`, and *that's* where most of our code is coming from. If we open this... ah! Here we go! This contains a bunch of methods like, for example, `configureContainer`, which imports our configuration files. Below *that*, we have `$this->environment` which, if you dig a little bit, is the value of our `APP_ENV` variable. So if we want to add an environment-specific configuration, we can add this to `config/packages/`, followed by your environment, like `dev` or `prod`, and then the file name - `framework.yaml` for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `/public/index.php`. This is our front controller, which is executed on every request and boots up our application. It creates an instance of `App\Kernel`, and this has some methods on it. Hold "command" and click on `Kernel()` to open that up. This class is pretty empty, aside from this `use MicroKernelTrait;` line, and *that* trait is where most of the code is coming from. If we open this... ah! Here we go! This contains a bunch of methods like, for example, `configureContainer()`, which imports our configuration files. Inside it, below, we have `$this->environment` which, if you dig a little bit, is the value of our `APP_ENV` variable. So if we want to add an environment-specific configuration, we can put this to `config/packages/`, followed by your environment, like `dev` or `prod`, and then the config file name - `framework.yaml` for example.
```

> That will work, but recently, Symfony introduced a much *cooler* way to do this, using the `when@` syntax. You can see this all over the new configuration. If we open `framework.yaml` for example, down here at the end... here it is - `when@test`! This code will *only* be loaded for our test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That will work, but recently, Symfony introduced a much *cooler* way to do this, using the `when@` syntax. You can see this all over the new configuration. If we open `framework.yaml` for example, down here at the end... here it is - `when@test`! This code will *only* be loaded for the `test` environment.
```

> In our `monolog.yaml` file, we see more of this environment-specific configuration under `when@dev`. This tells Symfony to *only* load this code in our *dev* environment. If we scroll down, we can see configurations for our `test` and `prod` environments as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our `monolog.yaml` file, we see more of this environment-specific configuration under `when@dev`. This tells Symfony to *only* load this configuration in the *dev* environment. If we scroll down, we can see slightly different configurations for `test` and `prod` environments as well.
```

> If you head back to `MicroKernelTrait`, down here, we can see that the same is true for this `configureRoutes()` method. And in `config/routes/framework.yaml`, we see `when@dev`, meaning we're only importing this set of routes for our `dev` environment. In `web_profiler.yaml`, we have the same thing. So Symfony, by default, has *three* environments (or "modes")  we can use to help with testing: `dev`, `prod` and `test`. You can totally create your own custom environment if needed too, but usually, those three are more than enough to get the job done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you head back to `MicroKernelTrait`, down here, we can see that the same is true for this `configureRoutes()` method. And in `config/routes/framework.yaml`, we see `when@dev`, meaning we're only importing this set of routes for the `dev` environment. In `web_profiler.yaml`, we have the same thing. So Symfony, by default, has *three* environments (or "modes")  we can use in our app: `dev`, `prod` and `test`. You can totally create your own custom environment if needed too, but usually, those three are more than enough to get the job done.
```
